this is Michael greetings many of you
refer to me as the Archangel Michael so
I will handle this piece of information
today for all of you as you wonder here
about angels the mythology around angels
has absolutely helped to inform on your
planet the understanding of the angelic
energy as it has also helped us to take
shape and form and manifest ourselves in
a desireable presence for all of you so
there is a realm in the universe known
as the angelic realm it is a dimensional
experience and it can be found the
angelic realms on many different
dimensions so we're going to ask you
right now to expand your understanding
of a dimension itself we often see that
you view dimensions as flat experiences
like a staircase so each step would be a
particular dimension and as you land on
the dimension itself you tend to
perceive that dimension as being a flat
surface or a flat experience well
truthfully dimensions are much more
expanded than that much more like a
musical scale whereas you deal with
music in octaves you would find that one
octave would be representative of one
dimension let's say the third dimension
a lower octave would be representative
of the third dimension and then the next
octave would be the fourth dimension you
begin to understand that there's an
expansion here in the dimensional
experience in every dimensional and
experience
and in each dimension on one of those
particular notes again we'll use music
as a way to help you understand exists
the Angelica realm within each dimension
there is the angelic realm so we are
everywhere we are always we are
everything and we are your constant
reminder that you are Source Energy that
you are God and this is why in your
mythology on the planet
we have been so closely tied to religion
into that idea of God as God the Father
God in the sky God as separate from all
and much has been written about us in
your literature in your Bibles in your
text that we would not necessarily
assign to ourselves we don't see
ourselves in a hierarchical way that you
all interpret us to be we see ourselves
as ambassadors of unconditional love
here at all times to help all of you
remember your true identity and that is
why we are so readily available to all
of you because we wish to be and because
we exist on every dimension
Oh